HW12-Jul-22
1. Write an internal style sheet in an html that has
	 background color A for all divs
		 background color B for all  <p>
			 background color C for all <span>

	write multiple nested div span and p tags , observe output

2. Write an internal style sheet that defines a common font size for all tags.  the bg color for p tags within div tags should by red
		the font color for all p tags should be white
   All divs should have blue dashed border

3. Write external stylesheets  a.css and b.css
	include them in hw.html
		in a.css write class  .backgroundideas  that gives bgcolor and border settings
		in b.css write class .foregroundidea that gives font color, font size and font style settings
	apply the classes exquisitely to some p and span tags
	apply the classes together to div tag

4.  write a JS file that  has a function alpha that accepts three functions as parameters 
	the parameter function1 takes 2 strings as parameters
	the parameter function2 takes 3 numbers as parameters
       the parameter function3 takes rest parameter as parameter

     the alpha function should call the 3 functions one after the other with proper parameters.
	the functions are supposed to print all the parameters in different ways.

call the alpha function 3 times and pass different functions to it.


5.  Write a JS file that has a function factorial that accepts a num with a default value 2. 
	the function returns the factorial of the number. call the function 
	1) without passing parameter, 
	2 )with a single parameter , print the return value

6. Write a JS file that has a function factory 
		this function has an array of functions
		the factory function accepts an index parameter
		it will return the function at the given index to the caller
the caller will call the function .

7. Write an HTML file that accepts a number from the user
		and on button click - display the maths table of that number 
		for ex if the number is 2 
		2*1=2
		2*2=4
		...
		2*10 =20
	  the maths-table should be white font, background red
		double rounded border



	


HW11-July-22

1. Write an html that shows a check box Show Poem
	if the check box is checked show a poem twinkle ,twinkle...
	if the check box is unchecked remove the poem from the screen

2.  Write an html that shows two radio buttons A and B
          if user clicks A radio button show a drop-down of states in India
	if user clicks B radio button show a drop down of countries in the world

3.  Write an html that shows text field  and a button and a table
		when the button is clicked add the content of text field as a new row in the table.

4.  Write an html that shows a table of squares from 1 to 10,000
		the table has 2 columns 
			2     4
                       3     9
                       4    16
                      ...
			..
			999    998001

5.   Write an html that shows a textfield and a showPrime button
		when the user enters a number and clicks button
			tell if the number is PRIME or NOT
	        {HINT :  use parseInt( )  API    }


		