HW22-Jul-22
1. Write a react class component that shows a textfield that accepts a In_time in HH:MM   and Out_time in HH:MM,once the user modifies the In_time or out_time check if in_time < out_time
if not then show a red message in <p> that in_time cannot be after out_time  [ Hint - use ComponentDidUpdate ]

2.  Modify the assignment 5 done yesterday. Instead of showing the product array on console, show the product array in a <table> 

3. Write a react function component Race that has two buttons - show and hide.  
When show is clicked 
       show a TimerComponent that has a start and stop button, 
     when the start button is clicked the timer starts ticking every second, when stop button is clicked the timer stops ticking. [use setInterval ]  

When the hide button is clicked the Timer component disappears and The final value of timer is displayed on the console.[  useEffect for UnMount ]



HW21-Jul-22
1. Write a react function component that accepts 
	textfield : num1 ,
        textfield : num2 
        dropdown : op 
	
these values should be passed to the Calc component written yesterday. 

2. Write a react class component that accepts 
	num : textfield
	pass that number to the isPrime component written yesterday
	and also pass that number to the factorial component written yesterday

3.  Write a react function component that accepts a string from the user in a textfield
	show checkboxes for  ---  
		show only first half of string
		show reverse
		show the number of vowels in the string
     Output should be based on whichever checkbox is checked
	one or more check boxes could be checked at a time

4. Write a react class component that accepts a name of the user   show 3 radio buttons ( only 1 should be selected  at a time )
	show name in lower case
	show name in upper case
        show name is title case

5.  Write a react function component that accepts product id , product name and cost in text fields. on clicking save button create a Product object and push it to an array. Show the array on console.log.

	

HW20-Jul-22
1. Write a React class component IsPrime 
	it accepts a number in props and shows whether it is a prime or not

2. Write a React function component Calc
		it accepts two props 
		 -  nums = array of 2 numbers
		 -op  = can have any one operation value from ( plus, minus ,mul,divide )

		The calc performs the operation and shows the result
		as    3 plus 5 = 8

     Use the Calc tag 5 times in App.js with different values.

3.  Write a React class component  DoItTwice
			it accepts a prop func   that accepts a function name
			it calls the function twice and concatenates its result
			and displays it
		



HW19-jul-22
1. Use the spring rest controller for Product table crud operation done earlier
	A. Use Jquery and ajax to insert a new product  [ fire POST request to spring rest controller , pass JSON object ]
        B. Use Jquery and ajax to show all product details in a table format. [ fire GET request to spring rest controller  ]

2. Use reqres.in  APIs , use JQUERY 
		A.  fire PUT query 
		B. fire DELETE query 

3.  Add Welcome.js in React application as discussed in class, in the same way  ---
	A.   Add GoodMorning.js that shows good morning in p tag
			add the GoodMorning tag to App.js after Welcome
      B.  Add  GoodBye.js that shows good bye in p tag
			add the  GoodBye tag to App.js as the last line of display 


	

HW15-jul-22
1.  Write a Javascript  mylib.js [Hint include this js file using <script src=....  >  ]
		create a class Product using ES6 class keyword
		the product has a name,desc and cost properties
		the product has a show method that shows all properties

   Write an html that has 3 textfields to accept name desc and cost
	when user clicks a save button create a product object using values from textfields and add it to an array 
		show the array in a table format below


2.  Write an HTML that has textfields for first name and lastname
	the names cannot be blank, the names cannot have numbers
	the first letter of fname and lname must be capital 
	the remaining letters must be small case
	[HINT use html validations and regExp  ]

3.  Write  patterns that accept the following
	A]  strings having 1 or more occurences of only numbers 
       B]  strings that have one or more occurences of only uppercase characters
	C] Java class name in camel case 
	     java method name in camel case
	D]  first char caps, second char should be a digit or nothing
       

4.  Practive ooex1,ooex2 and ooex3 js as done in class

		


HW14-jul-22
1. Write an html that has a text field that accepts a uname and a password to be registered
	write a function validateuname()  to validate uname - must not be blank, size > 8 , must not have spaces in between
	write a function validatepwd() to validate pwd - must not be blank , must be >8 less than 15, must not have spaces in between, must have at least one digit, one special char ( _,- ,#,$ ) , one upper case char, one lower case char , first char must not be digit or special char

	only if the values are valid the OK button should submit to next page , else it should not be submitted


2. Write an html that has a age input number Html element 
		age should be in the range of 18 to 110 , if not then  show a message in red below the input field
		use oninput event

3.  write an html that has a date input field . show the date entered by user as dd-MON-yyyy format. show the week day on that date in a <p> tag
  like MONDAY , THURSDAY  etc  [ use onchange event  ]

4.  write an html that has a input text field . when user enters  a data in the textfield add the first 3 letters of the text in an array in uppercase
		show the array in <ul>   [use onchange event ]

5.  write an html that acceps two numbers in two text fields
		show 4 buttons  add subtract divide multiply
		when any button is clicked apply the operation and show result in a p tag

6.  write an html that shows an array of 10 names such that each name has check box near it
			user may check one or many check boxes and click a delete button
			delete all the names that are checked and show the remaining names in the array

7.  write an html shows an array of 10 numbers
		show a dropdown -  show squares, show cubes , show factorials 
		onchange of the dropdown show the modified array instead of the original array 
		[ use map function  ]



	



		


HW12-Jul-22
1. Write an internal style sheet in an html that has
	 background color A for all divs
		 background color B for all  <p>
			 background color C for all <span>

	write multiple nested div span and p tags , observe output

2. Write an internal style sheet that defines a common font size for all tags.  the bg color for p tags within div tags should by red
		the font color for all p tags should be white
   All divs should have blue dashed border

3. Write external stylesheets  a.css and b.css
	include them in hw.html
		in a.css write class  .backgroundideas  that gives bgcolor and border settings
		in b.css write class .foregroundidea that gives font color, font size and font style settings
	apply the classes exquisitely to some p and span tags
	apply the classes together to div tag

4.  write a JS file that  has a function alpha that accepts three functions as parameters 
	the parameter function1 takes 2 strings as parameters
	the parameter function2 takes 3 numbers as parameters
       the parameter function3 takes rest parameter as parameter

     the alpha function should call the 3 functions one after the other with proper parameters.
	the functions are supposed to print all the parameters in different ways.

call the alpha function 3 times and pass different functions to it.


5.  Write a JS file that has a function factorial that accepts a num with a default value 2. the function returns the factorial of the number. call the function 1) without passing parameter, 2 )with a single parameter , print the return value

6. Write a JS file that has a function factory 
		this function has an array of functions
		the factory function accepts an index parameter
		it will return the function at the given index to the caller
the caller will call the function .

7. Write an HTML file that accepts a number from the user
		and on button click - display the maths table of that number 
		for ex if the number is 2 
		2*1=2
		2*2=4
		...
		2*10 =20
	  the maths-table should be white font, background red
		double rounded border



	


HW11-July-22

1. Write an html that shows a check box Show Poem
	if the check box is checked show a poem twinkle ,twinkle...
	if the check box is unchecked remove the poem from the screen

2.  Write an html that shows two radio buttons A and B
          if user clicks A radio button show a drop-down of states in India
	if user clicks B radio button show a drop down of countries in the world

3.  Write an html that shows text field  and a button and a table
		when the button is clicked add the content of text field as a new row in the table.

4.  Write an html that shows a table of squares from 1 to 10,000
		the table has 2 columns 
			2     4
                       3     9
                       4    16
                      ...
			..
			999    998001

5.   Write an html that shows a textfield and a showPrime button
		when the user enters a number and clicks button
			tell if the number is PRIME or NOT
	        {HINT :  use parseInt( )  API    }


		